Update colour of the copyright logo using CSS (#5801)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

This change was introduced in [pull request #5792: Update footer top border to be consistent with GOV.UK](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/5792)

> #### Footer copyright logo colour is now consistent with text colour
> 
> We wanted to reduce the number of colours in the footer so the copyright logo colour has been updated. It is now the same colour as the text in the footer. This is a non-breaking change.

Reviewer: Sorry for the heavy edit, but we've refered to that part as the 'Royal Arms' recently (5.7.0) so I think we can keep consistent with it. I also think it's worth highlighting which browsers will see the change given it's tied to the support of a specific property.

```suggestion
#### Royal Arms in the Footer now matches the text's colour

We've updated the colour of the Royal Arms in the [GOV.UK footer](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/components/footer/) so it matches the text colour in browsers supporting the `filter` CSS property. 

This improves its accessibility and reduce the number of colours used in the footer. 
```
